README.md, before:

# n8n Automation Test

## Overview
This repository is made so Usman can test the n8n GitHub tools and explore what can be done with it. The goal is to investigate whether we can read the code and work on the project using AI.

## Features
- Connect different web services and APIs effortlessly.
- Visual workflow builder for creating and managing automation.
- Supports a variety of integrations with popular applications.

## Getting Started
To get started with the project, you can clone this repository and follow the instructions in the documentation to set up your workflows.

## Prerequisites
- Node.js
- n8n installed globally or in a Docker container.

## Usage
- Run your n8n instance and start creating workflows to automate your tasks.
- Customize your automations to meet your specific needs.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please follow the standard GitHub procedures for opening issues and submitting pull requests.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Updated README to include Rust Calculator instructions.

README.md, after:

# n8n Automation Test

## Overview
This repository is made so Usman can test the n8n GitHub tools and explore what can be done with it. The goal is to investigate whether we can read the code and work on the project using AI.

## Features
- Connect different web services and APIs effortlessly.
- Visual workflow builder for creating and managing automation.
- Supports a variety of integrations with popular applications.

## Getting Started
To get started with the project, you can clone this repository and follow the instructions in the documentation to set up your workflows.

## Prerequisites
- Node.js
- n8n installed globally or in a Docker container.

## Rust Calculator
A simple calculator project is included in this repository to explore Rust programming.

### Running the Calculator
1. Ensure that you have Rust installed. You can download it from [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs/).
2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd n8nAutomationTest
   ```
3. Run the application:
   ```bash
   cargo run
   ```
4. Run the unit tests:
   ```bash
   cargo test
   ```

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please follow the standard GitHub procedures for opening issues and submitting pull requests.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
